Dear Editor-in-Chief,

This original paper, "Application of Network Smoothing to Glycan LC-MS Profiling" describes a novel graph-based algorithm for analyzing liquid chromatography high resolution mass spectrometry glycomics data, and an implementation to improve the sensitivity and specificity of the glycan composition identification process.

We created an algorithm that uses a network representation of biosynthetically related glycans which improved the performance of our glycan composition identification program on a variety of previously published LC-MS glycomics datasets. We compare our results with those of the previous authors' and describe differences in our methods and findings. We contrast different glycan database construction decisions' impact our algorithm's performance. Our method met or surpassed the performance of the previously published tools used in those articles. We identify 30 glycan compositions which were not found in GlyTouCan, the International Glycan Structure Repository, some of which have biological significance missing from the previous publications. We also describe alternative ways in which our method may be used by a human expert to impose a priori assumptions on the glycan identification process in lieu of our automated parameter estimation procedure.

We confirm that this manuscript has not been published elsewhere and is not under consideration by another journal. All authors have approved the manuscript and agree with its submission to Bioinformatics. Bioinformatics has a history of publishing strong computational mass spectrometry methods and applications papers, including several articles specifically about glycomics. We appreciate the opportunity to submit our manuscript to your journal and look forward to a favorable review.
